README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/chadjcampbell/tally-yo">
    <img src="public/magnifyingGlass.svg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">tally-yo</h3>

  <p align="center">
    <br />
    <a target='_blank' href="https://chadjcampbell.github.io/scavenger/"><strong>View Demo</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/chadjcampbell/scavenger/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/chadjcampbell/scavenger/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/scavSS1.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
</div>
Scavenger is a race against the clock to find three characters in the Star Wars-themed Where's Waldo-style image. You can enter your name and compete for a spot on the global leaderboard.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [![React][react.js]][react-url]
- [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)][typescript-url]
- [![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)][router-url]
- [![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)][vite-url]
- [![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)][firebase-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/chadjcampbell/tally-yo.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server
   ```js
   npm run dev
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Features

The items are fetched in the Collectibles route, from the Animal Crossing API that you can find (<a href="http://acnhapi.com/">here</a>). Most of the collectibles functionality and user auth and state is handled by a context provider, while smaller functionality like the styling, tooltips, modals, etc. are plain useState. The back end is done with BaaS Firebase. The styling was done with Chakra UI components, with some custom overrides where needed.

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/tallyyoscreenshot1.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
    <img src="public/tallyyoscreenshot3.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
</div>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Different ways to earn coins
- [ ] Trade collectibles
- [ ] Testing

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Email: chadjcampbell@gmail.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[react.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[react-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[framer-url]: (https://www.framer.com/motion/)
[typescript-url]: (https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[router-url]: (https://reactrouter.com/en/main)
[jest-url]: (https://jestjs.io/)
[testing-url]: (https://testing-library.com/)
[chakra-url]: (https://chakra-ui.com/)
[vite-url]: (https://vitejs.dev/)
[firebase-url]: (https://firebase.google.com/)

Commit message:

add more to the README

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/chadjcampbell/tally-yo">
    <img src="public/magnifyingGlass.svg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">tally-yo</h3>

  <p align="center">
    <br />
    <a target='_blank' href="https://chadjcampbell.github.io/scavenger/"><strong>View Demo</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/chadjcampbell/scavenger/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/chadjcampbell/scavenger/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/scavSS1.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
</div>
Scavenger is a race against the clock to find three characters in the Star Wars-themed Where's Waldo-style image. You can enter your name and compete for a spot on the global leaderboard.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [![React][react.js]][react-url]
- [![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)][router-url]
- [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)][typescript-url]
- ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
- [![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)][vite-url]
- [![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)][firebase-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/chadjcampbell/scavenger.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server
   ```js
   npm run dev
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Features

The home page explains how the game works. On the play tab you can enter your name for the global loaderboard or leave it blank and play anonymously. On desktop hovering around the image will give you a magnifying glass view. As you find characters you receive a toast message up top and they are checked off the scoreboard component. The leaderboard and anonymous user count are stored on Firebase and are updated at the end of the game. You're then redirected to the leaderboard to see how you did!

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/scavSS2.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
    <img src="public/scavSS3.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
    <img src="public/scavSS4.png" alt="Screenshot" width="400" height="200">
</div>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Add more images
- [ ] Different characters based on difficutly setting
- [ ] Better mobile view

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Email: chadjcampbell@gmail.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[react.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[react-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[framer-url]: (https://www.framer.com/motion/)
[typescript-url]: (https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[router-url]: (https://reactrouter.com/en/main)
[jest-url]: (https://jestjs.io/)
[testing-url]: (https://testing-library.com/)
[chakra-url]: (https://chakra-ui.com/)
[vite-url]: (https://vitejs.dev/)
[firebase-url]: (https://firebase.google.com/)
